me
wh
Un'ii okay
It is side
Is that all ?
Mountains and the sea
And above
It is the head
It was a sudden eye
I'm wondering if I'm sick of Tabnne
niko and
It broke
It could not be so much Birogu say little I Somehow today
Not notice fatigue
Well is Nechotto You know something here my head I'm an array
Toga River Did Kke bet I'd have to place that say Kagawa here just last year to Birogu
It's location was
ThatLookLikeThis
Pop pop
Oh but even if it is done it is too early for one year
I really wanted to be there last year but it was about a year ago
No
I can only say that birds reflect
Well, if you do so with something like that, you'll be surprised that Kagawa is happy and Kagawa 's
Cover things firmly
Because there is a child who lives around Kagawa surprisingly
8 maybe I'm fine the day after tomorrow the day after tomorrow
I'm afraid that today is a little bad weather
Naa weather was good
Maybe tomorrow from about 6 o'clock still want
30 minutes floor 6 hours 6 hours to 7 hours around 1 hour
Perhaps
When Maybe'm probably because there is a risk that is roughly maybe a walk in the Kagawa
It's a part if you are here
In the same way as me
For example, if I would like to take a walk and see if there is something para para existence
At the end that by all means, please that voice plexes with it was another one last sound a little
so
It is Twitter of those days It is 8 twitter, there is the present or the present, or the equivalent of that
Because the thing of return Mars like a feeling collapse probably quickly to the Well probably a cue ball after by chance
If you're doing me
It will be helpful if you can follow that
Ah ah ah ah
Hey it is for 5 times
Shazam
Piropiron
Hai position
Yeah yeah
Wow it's getting thicker
It's became heavily Yeah good than earlier
Another Kiman that because was behind the countryside of the song box
Cute have or cute nor Come at all okay
Wow
Wow, this is normal
Number here
More is imposed over over to the really Tha's was nothing left to do that here has changed color
Hmm
of
me
Hmm
ni
me